PagarBook FAQs
1Q. Whyshould I purchase PagarBook Premium, when I currently use another HRMS?
Rebuttals:- [Prospect's Name], May I know which HRMS solution are you using? And what
modules do they offer?
It is an AI-powered cloud-based application that works with both iOS and Android and provides
real-time syncing across apps and desktops, and [Prospect's Name]PagarBook not only provides
a biometric and payroll system but also provides insurance coverage for your employees
through our Pagarbook Suraksha plan. <Accidental Loss of Life Coverage, Permanent Disability
of 3 Lac, Free Video Doctor Consultations (Up to 5/month), Discounts on Medicines and Tests
through the Partner App Costing: As discussed, for the entire PagarBook suite (PagarBook
Lens, Desktop software, App), the price would be Rs.1099 + Rs500 per staff, per year plus
applicable taxes.>
2Q. What are the key features of PagarBook?
Rebuttals:- Pagarbook’s solution consists of Multi-Shift Attendance , Automated Salary
Calculation, Cashbook, Salary Slips, Reports, Cloud-Based Storage and Lens App.
3Q. In what ways might PagarBook help my organization?
Rebuttals:- Your organization can benefit from PagarBook as we simplify HR procedures, boost
employee satisfaction, lower administrative load, improve data accuracy, and offer insightful
reporting and analytics.
4Q. Is PagarBook suitable for small companies?
Rebuttals:- Yes, PagarBook offers solutions to companies of all sizes, including startups.
Numerous scalable and reasonably priced PagarBook Features are tailored to meet the
demands of small and medium-sized enterprises.
5Q. Can PagarBook be accessed remotely?
Rebuttals:- Yes, PagarBook has remote access features that lets managers and staff use the
system from any location with an internet connection.
6Q.For any questions, where do I need to get in touch?
Rebuttals:- Call Us: 080 47185100, Whatsapp: +91 8095332013, Email
contact@pagarbook.com]
Timing :- Mon to Sat <8AM to 8PM>, Sunday<11Am to 8 PM>
7Q.We're Satisfied with Our Current Solution.
Rebuttals:- May I know which HRMS solution you are using? And what modules do they offer?
With only a single click and no charges, transfer salaries to every employee.
It is an AI-powered cloud-based application that works with both iOS and Android and provides
real-time syncing across apps and desktop,
Your Data is stored in the cloud. And It's completely secure and is automatically backed up.
8Q.We're Concerned About Data Security.
Rebuttals:- There is no need to be concerned about data security, sir, because it is stored in the
cloud. Your data is 100% secure and is automatically backed up."
9Q.It's Too Expensive.
Rebuttals: The final price will be shared by our demo team, they will explain the features of our
product in detail and share tentative pricing based on factors like the employee count. Let me
schedule a demo call for you.
10Q.Our Team Is Not Tech-Savvy.
Rebuttals:- [Prospect's Name] Not to worry. It is really simple to use, and anyone with a
smartphone may use it, and your Staff may update their daily tasks, download their pay slip ,
view their attendance information, and apply leaves.
11Q.We've Had Bad Experiences with Similar Software.
Rebuttals:- We understand your concern [Prospect's Name] ji you had a bad experience with
such software, but there is a PagarBook Help option. Where Every video on the product is
available, and Help Desk contact information is also accessible,Our customer service
representatives are just a call away to assist you.
12Q. WeDon't Have Time for Implementation
Rebuttals:-Not to worry Sir, It does not consume much time, and our customer service
representatives are always available to assist you.
13Q. Our Company Is Too Small/Large for This Solution.
Rebuttals:-PagarBook offers solutions to companies of all sizes, including startups. Numerous
scalable and reasonably priced PagarBook Features are tailored to meet the demands of small
and medium-sized enterprises.
14Q.We Prefer to Keep Things Manual.
Rebuttals:- It simplifies your payroll process and ensure timely and accurate payments.
Pagarbook’s automation features can be used to avoid manual or clerical errors.
15Q.Our Employees Are Resistant to Change.
Rebuttals:- [Prospect's Name] Not to worry. It is really simple to use, and anyone with a
smartphone may use it,, download their pay slip , view their attendance information, and
appley leaves.
16Q.We've Been Using Our Current System for Years.
Rebuttals:- It is an AI-powered cloud-based application that works with both iOS and Android
and provides real-time syncing across apps and desktop, and [Prospect's Name]PagarBook not
only provides a biometric and payroll system but also provides insurance coverage for your
employees through our Pagrbook Suraksha plan. <Accidental Loss of Life Coverage, Permanent
Disability of 3 Lac, Free Video Doctor Consultations (Up to 5/month), Discounts on Medicines
and Tests through the Partner App Costing: As discussed, for the entire PagarBook suite
(PagarBook Lens, Desktop software, App), the price would be Rs.1099 + Rs500 per staff, per
year plus applicable taxes.>
17Q. We're Unsure of the ROI (Return on Investment).
Rebuttals:- Your organization can benefit from PagarBook as we simplify HR procedures, boost
employee satisfaction, lower administrative load, improve data accuracy, and offer insightful
reporting and analytics.
18Q. We've Had Bad Experiences with Software Support.
Rebuttals:-We understand your concern [Prospect's Name] ji you had a bad experience with
such software, but there is a PagarBook Help option. Where Every video on the product is
available, and Help Desk contact information is also accessible,Our customer service
representatives are always available to assist you.
19Q.We're Concerned About Data Migration. Can I migrate data from existing HRMS to Pagarbook?
Rebuttals:- It's a complete HRMS system so Data Migration is not possible.
20Q. Our Leadership Isn't Convinced Yet.
Rebuttals:- In that case, can we schedule an online demo with your leadership team.
21Q.We Don't See the Immediate Need for This Solution.
Rebuttals:- ok sir, no issue. How do you handle the current employee salary? How many
employees do you have? Pitch- according to customer response highlighting Pagarbook’s
features.
22Q.We're Unsure How PagarBook Aligns With Our Industry Requirements.
Rebuttals:- [Prospect's Name] Please share your industry requirements with us so that we can
assist you accordingly. And we will also arrange an online meeting with our specialists to assist
you with the same.
23Q.We're Exploring In-House Solutions.
Rebuttals:- In-house solution can be time taking and expensive. Our solution is tried and tested
and trusted by many similar companies. Our solution offers a seamless experience.
24Q.We're Considering Open-Source Solutions and We're Concerned About Employee
Resistance to Change.
Rebuttals:-[Prospect's Name] Please share your industry requirements with us so that we can
assist you accordingly. And we will also arrange an online meeting with our specialists to assist
you with the same.
25Q.Could you please arrange a live demo?
Rebuttals: Sir our online demo team will take you through the solution in detail. We
schedule detailed online demos to address any concerns you may have.
26Q,Is your technical team going to visit if there is a technical issue, such as the app
failing to detect a user's face?
Rebuttals: In some cities, we have the option available. Our demo team will be able to give
you specific information based on your location. You can Call Us or drop a whatsapp text.
Would you like to take down the number?
27Q Have you issued an individual ID? How does the Field Executive mark their
attendance?
Rebuttals: Yes, sir, we provide unique IDs that may be linked to mobile number and email
addresses. Field executives have to enable the app and mark their attendance. They have
the option to upload a selfie with location mapped.
28Q Howdoesyourapprecognize faces?
Rebuttals: Our app recognizes faces based on their eyes, nose, and lips.
29Q If my employee leaves, can I be replaced with the new employee?
Rebuttals: Yes, you have the option to replace it
30Q Mobile specification for PagarBook Lens:
1.RAM:- 4GB+
2.Camera: 8 megapixel
3.Android Version: 5 and above
Subscriptions For Each Product.
PagarBook Lens App: ₹ 5,000 / year + Tax
Total Staff (First 10 free)
Additional staff at ₹500.00/year per staff + tax
WebAppContent
"Weoffer a digital solution to streamline your attendance and payroll. Our software is
designed to manage staff attendance, automated salary calculations, and salary payments
with just a few clicks.
Features
"Our software comes with over 50 advanced features, including:
Lens App: This app uses facial recognition technology for attendance tracking. Your
employees just need to stand in front of any smartphone camera, and their attendance will
be marked within 4-5 seconds. It also tracks login, logout, and break times. You can set delay
times to monitor late arrivals and automatically deduct them from salaries if needed. The
Lens App is AI-based, ensuring 100% accuracy, and works both online and offline.
Multi-Shift Attendance Tracking: Ideal for field workers or remote employees. They can
mark their attendance by uploading a selfie through our premium app. You'll receive an
update with the photo, time, date, and location.
Automated Salary Calculation: Based on attendance, the software automatically calculates
salaries, including daily payments, monthly payments, partial payments, advances, and
Deductions.
Cashbook: Maintain records of salary payments, cash in-cash out, and make online
Payments.
Salary Slips: Generate salary slips in your company's name.
Reports: Download real-time data or individual monthly reports in PDF or Excel format.
Cloud-Based Storage: Your data is 100% safe and automatically backed up."